Not to be record of those telephone calls.
But I would say that at the time that at time,
I received two and three telephone calls a day.
And there were other days, of course, on which I received either one or no telephone call.
But I received consistently throughout that case, possibly an average of two telephone calls.
Call.
Mr. Holmes, is that true or is it not?
So, it will difficult for me to understand that, exactly.
Why would this call me dating? You called him 40 times a day.
About a commission for day's time, did you?
A two or three times a day. That's just what I read as I recall.
As I understood what you read, Mr. Daniel.
You read, but I would say at times I received two and three telephone calls a day.
Now, did you not respond? I don't believe I spoke with General Reva two or three times on any day.
Well, are you in position to definitely deny her a pretty?
Well, sir, I am in position to give you the general picture, and there's no hiding at all.
Just me about that.
So, what do you say about whether or not you called him two or three times a day on Sunday?
I would say I don't think I did. You say you don't think you did?
No, sir. You declined to be about it?
I can be almost positive about that, sir. I don't think the total number of times I thought the General Reva was much more than four or five or something like that.
Four or five or something like that. It should have been more.
Could have been more than four.
All right. Now, you think you talked to him on D-line?
I think that was his first concern.
I think. And if you talked to him four or five or more times, then that would be five or six times that he talked to this General about it.
They shine during the month of July, wasn't they?
I think that's about the best lesson I can make, sir.
I would ask him to call the weather and not ask her.
You had exhausted every effort within your power to get a commission through General Reva?
You wouldn't win the General Reva. General Walter, please speak.
Other questions are exhausting every effort within our time to get a General Reva, sir.
The General on the first occasion, when Sen. Cautley asked him if one would save shine experience with the fallow life for commission General Reva, unhezotatingly said he was sure that he would be.
The Army Transport Service, the Work he has done with the Committee, doesn't experience other things.
He was sure that he would be.
And Senator A. F. Meade to follow it up might did.
And I call the General, and he seemed gradually to retreat from what he had originally said.
Till at Gutsville Point, around the end of July, when he made it clear that there has been a change, and that shine would not get a commission.
It was after that, I believe, sir, that I thought with General Smith.
You went to the State Department.
I did.
And I hope to do all of these with the bad recognition for day shine, didn't you, my Jessica?
How many times you talk to General Smith about his phone?
One time, wait.
Nice to go and say why I talk to him.
How the last two women and not you go, General Smith said.
He, talking about Mr. Oikov, will tell that the Army of the Arities has not been cooperating.
The General Reaper has promised to arrange for a commission to miss the shine, and it has not been so.
Did you tell that was his phone?
What I recall telling General Smith is this, sir.
And I think you might find it to be just about the same thing.
I told General Smith that General Reaper had originally faced on the merits and the qualifications of shine said that there could be no doubt that he was fighting for a commission.
That after where he retreated from, that original statement, that Sunday McCarthy has heard from somebody in the Pentagon that although General Reaper himself would find in, there might be some hard feelings by the General.
Again, Mr. Shine resulting from an unfudged experience which Mr. Shine and I had had with the man who we did not then know, but who turned out to be General Reaper's brother.
That brother worked for the state department.
I spoke to that point.
I spoke to General Smith and asked him if he could find out whether or not, if he were generally the original statement, that China was clearly qualified.
And if he were the change and if he were the fact that we turned out we had had this unfudged experience with General Manor, but General Reaper's brother, whether the application has been given a fair shake.
That was a process that my conversation was. General Smith on that point.
How long have he been human access to General Smith's testimony and ask you whether it's true or relevant to him?
Sure.
According on page 147 of the record.
I have missed the phone way things have been.
As I was the one who had actually no faith there.
He was tied to the Army as I had been to have been cooperating.
That General Reaper had promised to arrange for a commission from Mr. Shine and was not done so.
The guy you are with senior officers in the Pentagon would know who the top point is.
Is that true or not, Miss Bill?
I was told that to the governor.
The circumstances that I recall.
And this is a different in detail as a matter of memory.
I have a pirate section, General Smith.
The way it happened was that the federal I know General Smith.
And I know that General Smith knew Dave Shine and his family.
I knew about him and about his qualifications.
I was talking to General Smith.
General Smith called the office by police.
Got something or other.
And I mentioned this situation to him.
He said, drop over tomorrow morning or whatever it was.
I went over and I told him about the situation.
The reason for my talking with General Smith is that I don't expect him to have read my mind.
Where did he know me?
He knew Shine.
And he certainly knew a few folks over in the Army and was being a very good position to find out
whether the application had been treated on his nurse.
But didn't you tell him when he said, well, why didn't you come to me? I'm not in the Army.
Didn't you say, by General Smith, you know everybody in the Pentagon?
You all the senior officers there and you would know who the top is.
I certainly might have said.
I will be certainly mad at you.
You won't be mad at me.
Of course, I do not.
Then you were not only not Mr. Colman.
Did you tell General Smith when you talked to him?
Obviously, if you lie, that you were just talking to him as Roy and Colman individuals.
All right.
Did you...
This is so safe yourself in any way from your official position as the representative of the United States.
You didn't do anything.
I didn't tell him now that I was just talking to him.
You didn't tell him the future stars of individualism.
You were the high as a representative of the United States General Winking Zone.
So he came to send him a copy of General Rivers, I think.
Uh, that's important.
If you're trying to get General Rivers, just be the processing of applications just like that for people on Capitol Hill.
I don't think any of us knew General Rivers or had ever heard of it.
We...
And...
Pull the man-wad, who's in handle, we've application.
That's turned out to be General Reve.
He stopped over the Senate of Matroski's office, I suppose, every day in the week.
He or his step-stopped into the office, the other Senate in the building.
And with talks with the Senate of Matroski about this, I think I came in at the pale end of the conversation.
I did not say I am hereby just associating myself from...
Do you know the word General Reve was talking to a United States Senator?
Yes, I have stopped.
Sure.
Chairman of the Democratic House Committee, sir.
I was talking to a chief counsellor, sir.
Sure.
And that is with the passive-imit colony, which you were supposed to be.
Water-beated, we have two issues.
Uh, that's a little bit more difficult to say.
Sir, I know General Smith personally, I did not know General Rivers personally.
But when you went to him, it didn't say now General Rivers forgets the fact
that I am chief counsellor for the president of the party that's giving to the United States.
I didn't tell him to forget it or to remember it, sir.
I don't.
And for all who knew here was the union of President of the Representative of the United States Senator,
asking me a member of the State Department to use my influence to the Pentagon
over there to give me an opportunity.
I thought you were talking about General Rivers.
I'm sorry, sir.
I'm not going to be the same.
I had a very long talk with General Smith, not only about this, but about a lot of other personnel
and other things and a very sweet and strong, and I have a very high respect for him.
And I talked to him as I always do, I hope, as, uh, as, who I am talking to, eh?
Man, I don't know if I have a good deal of respect.
Mr. Corn, you think back to the General Rivers on the following day of our, uh, our General Smith on the following day, did you know?
No, sir.
I saw General Smith only once.
I talked with him only once, but if you could see whether this application has been treated properly.
Did you not talk to him on the telephone as a later date?
No, I talked to him the day before his Irish role, and I talked to him one day, and I started telling him the story of his telephone,
and he said, come around tomorrow morning on something like that, and I talked around to his office the next morning, and I talked to him.
I believe I talked to him on the phone one, which the appointment was after the reign.
I thought him one in his office, and I believe that that was back.
And that is the first life the only time he ever talked to General Smith is about a commission or any dispensation for the challenge of what you say.
I believe it is, sir, that's his recollection, according to his statement here, and that's mine.
I don't recall any other questions.
Now Mr. Coon, I believe that there was a breakfast held on September 16th in the China Department of New York City, was there not?
Who the thing is that breakfast?
Senator Mustard, the secretary, my fellow Dave Shines, secretary Steven Fess, the meat Dave Shines, mother he did not know her, and he came in to meet Secretary of State of Humanities and spoke with him.
And where was that meat in the hair? We had seen a picture in the legroom of something in the estimator.
Where was that meat in the hair? We got meat in the tail. It was breakfast of the department, Mr. and Mrs. Shines, what day?
We're not State Father, not State Father, not.
We got on the wall of power in New York City.
Did you spend the night there?
At I spent the night? No, he was I spent the night there.
But tonight, my house, was full.
You were this boy that you chimed as a matter of fact now, where almost constant time used was good warm person of mine, Robert.
I have to say, today, sir, the show's as late, where and we are, good friend, he is one of my many good friends, I hope you will not ask me to.
Dale, which one is they? Better friend, I have a lot of good friends, and I like them, and I respect them all.
I will ask you when we're not Mr. Colinor and I'll take you.
It's because there was a thief in the Shonda Hills.
Then the Maca-thee asked the secretary of the Army for the second time.
No, for the first time, for the second day.
Gained the secretary's second to the state, and first to the secretary.
Far recognition for the day the child.
He did not. He did not? He did not.
It's full now, I want to read you what the secretary says about it.
I'll take you 109.
Okay, Jesus.
Yes, my recollections, the secretary of the Army.
That does better than back one, that's it.
I got a very nice.
My recollections, the secretary of the Army, the secretary of the Army, asked me for a commission for David Cheyne.
Since that was familiar with the fact that the application for commission for David Cheyne has been turned down.
So we choose him.
I move the way that this is rapidly as I could.
By me, this is the north that time that a previous application on the part of Cheyne's commission has been denied by the Army.
This is the secretary of the Army.
Did you know all the information that at that time, which Jesus has made to very simply including General Reaver, Dennis Smith, and that's all that the members of the secretary of the commission have been saying in Cheyne.
I knew about the cases that were being done in the region, Dennis Smith, yes sir.
Now we're talking about this breakfast from September 16th in New York City.
And you heard what the secretary said about this, Miss Combe?
I heard everything he said about that.
You're really classified as a very legitimate.
I heard him and the user says it on Medicaid units.
So the number of cases is not the question of the secretary of the commission for Cheyne.
Hi, Joe sir.
What was said on Medicaid?
And I might say, sir, if I might explain that answer, hamplet buyers.
Mr. Steven Furthest said to him on the phone.
I believe and I hope it's the wealth will correct me if I'm wrong, that he was very aby about the whole thing.
But not sure what or anything was said about a commission on that vacation.
And lots of things very much up in the air.
I think I can help because I do have a clear recollection.
And I know that on that occasion and on no other occasion in my presence,
the senator McCarthy, Eric Smith, and Steven for a direct commission for David Cheyne.
Well David Cheyne, how about that morning?
He was.
Mr. Brown was there any discussion, whatever, on Medicaid?
There was.
By either you, our senator McCarthy, we respect the any special, misconcretionary assignments for David Cheyne.
There was not any discussion concerning any special favor or dissonstations for David Cheyne.
Now you are in the secretary's place.
That at least on one thing.
The senator from Wisconsin asked him for a commission for any time.
You heard that, didn't you?
I did.
I'm in time.
Even if he said that he wasn't, there was not definite issues with all the circumstances in New York City.
And say you're taking about this, and if it's in this room, it's cold.
Did you ever, anytime, hear Senator McCarthy's asking me?
At the end, if that is no sudden, and I have the record, take too well.
Unintentioned.
Mr. James, if you're in mind, clear on that, or is it heavy?
Secretary, it is not clear.
You say you're minding me, Sam?
I'm not, it's not heavy, I'm not, I just don't know.
And if the secretary uses his best recollection, the secretary gets around September 16th,
he uses his favorite secretary as an area.
I say he's made an character.
Did you talk with the colonel?
To...
Secretary, he's been...
Oh, not through a second.
I just...
In New York City?
I'm sorry.
Did you say New York City?
It was hard to be clear.
Anyway, on New York City, I was watching an end, Mr. Steven's office.
I decided.
Unless you were in my place, it's 10 times.
It's been a month again.
He was taken to out.
I've elested Mr. Scol, whether or not I'm up for my second one.
You and in the presence of Mr. Car, as the secretary, I mean, sorry,
Secretary, I mean, sorry, Secretary, I meant for you, David Chatton.
I did not.
You did not?
Now, I want to introduce what's the secretary.
I need four of our sats at your store.
And we're talking about the family of October, 1950.
Mr. Gohm told me about the poor's training investigation of my work.
And he said the general of the Canadian General of the Port Montenegro's installation has taken some action.
The greatest gift of the staff and the senator of the country is to literally get the information they wanted by talking to the people they wanted to talk to the Port Montenegro's.
And he finished with his campaign, made a bill of interest with the job.
I said, well, I'm only the property of the committee, the very limited matter of the end, in their face, then and then.
I called General Law and the telephone.
This is Lincoln.
What did you think of General Law and the man that first told Mr. Scol,
and that he was going to make available those people and his installations,
that the properly accredited representatives, the senator of the country's committee,
is going to send him a review.
Do you have the secretary to sign my head, that secretary?
This is your call, Mr. Scol.
Ah, that's a correct answer with this qualification.
Mr. Scol, I just identified the indirect examination.
We stood up with Mr. Scol, and the fact that General Law and I did not know whether he could make personnel as whole available for interview by the testimony staff.
And after we obtained clearance for him to make that possible from the Pentagon.
Mr. Scol and I brought that up with Mr. Scol.
He was called General Law and say that from his standpoint, Mr. Scol,
he was in charge of General Law and said,
if he was complete cooperate, Mr. Scol,
please call in our federal.
I could hear only what Mr. Scol said in the federal law.
Mr. Scol, General Law, so the cooperate was by making a single operation to make available throughout any personnel out of court limits.
We wanted to introduce him.
We had explained to Mr. Scol.
Mr. Scol, we all got an agent.
That's certainly the army we want to follow.
He told us that General Law and complete cooperation was to miss you any one of your folks.
Then there was a long silence on Mr. Scol's behalf of the fall.
While General Law and with apparently saying something, which I assumed to be,
is in service to the takin' of Mr. Scol's direction.
When General Law and was finished talking, Mr. Scol said,
no, no, I didn't mean that.
Don't give them that.
Mr. Scol and I looked at each other,
but it's a very well-expective way of taking away.
That is what I recall about conversation.
I don't know what General Law and the secretary's thesis would show us,
and what Secretary's thesis would be.
But when he said, no, not that, I didn't mean that.
Don't show them that.
Whatever.
Over to our ice room, that kind of thing.
Go on, I want to read your brothers and your secretary's thesis.
The secretary's gone to the secretary's room.
Mr. Scol's mother, the mother of his new-savish child,
and one of the know-how he couldn't be a time to New York City.
Now, that's the occasion when the secretary calls on the law commission.
Yes, sir.
Where did the cooperate?
And the secretary's here positively and in the room.
That on that occasion.
And in the presence of Mr. Scol's heart,
you've ordered an enormous number of seconds,
approximately one month before this boy was inducted in there.
You've ordered a certificate, David Cheyenne,
and one of the know-how he couldn't be a time to New York City.
Did you receive any?
Sir, I can answer that until you go back and let me tell you
about the first time the fire time the day he came,
which I had with Mr. Steven's on the subject of day time.
Will you be back on the same date?
I'll go with second.
No, sir.
Confrontations, which were held on December 15th,
and two specific ones, the 10th of December 16th, and the 10th of 21st.
The 15th meeting being in there, and we shall have heard them.
That's right.
Would you mind me saying that you got the certificate
about Day Shine on that occasion?
That is, sir.
Well, Mr. Bohn, this is the question that I've asked you now,
and then you're sending me in my little back, and explaining.
My question now is that you are not over the second.
In the presence of Frank Carr,
day to the 6th day of the Army in judgment
that you wanted to say Shine has signed in New York City
to your wonder-know-how, because this is possibly getting the sign.
That was not the discussion that was held on that day.
Well, I'm making you think some money today,
and Mr. Coon brought us the matters.
You, David Shine, and one of the most significant years
signing in New York City.
Shine was the God's best.
That was not what was said, and of course, it was the discussion.
But it was the God's best, because I didn't want to say it.
And I reached further.
This is David's five, and he's able to name a sign in New York City.
That's very sweet of him.
When he said that was a lot of committee work to do use,
that had to be a technical.
And he was here that were various assignments around New York City
that the Army said the sign, David Shine.
Do you think you say that, Mr. Coon?
No, third, that was not the problem with that conversation.
I know that, but you might have to just look to have this at home
and tell it is exactly what kind of reflection there was
in regard to the assignment to the New York area.
Well, Mr. Coon, you are in the title of the Australian
and say that was not just the substance of the conversation.
Mr. Jenkins, anything you want out will one word
is not to give you a conversation.
The substance of the conversation on that day is very close.
Mr. Stevens stated that Shine was going to take space
at training like everybody else.
That right after the space at training, Mr. Stevens
had planned out an assignment for Shine whereby Shine
was going to be in attendance as an observer
at various intelligence goals of the Army
for the purpose of reviewing textbooks and other matters
and reports directly to Mr. Stevens on that subject.
This discussion followed a talk with Mr. Stevens on that occasion
which Mr. Stevens told us, but he had been greatly discerrified
by the General Project's testimony over the use of
pro-communist literature and communist indoctrination literature
by Army intelligence in the schools.
Mr. Stevens also told us that as they were told before
are self-explanatory.
He had, he, Mr. Stevens, had had a long thought
with a major, whose name he's gotten from up, I believe,
teaching as an Army intelligence school,
I believe, out of talent.
Now, that's from the outline of the major data
and the type of literature they were used in the process
situation and other reports which he had gotten.
He's a secretary who was very much discerrified
about the whole situation and that he was looking forward
to using Shine so his great advantage in going over
the text materials and going to the schools and reporting
to Mr. Stevens.
I believe, there is, I have no clear recollection
but it's perfectly possible or probable that I
as Mr. Stevens at that point is during the basic training
where I would have was summary and 50 made for staff members
who contact Mr. Shine in case of emergency
or in case there was something which we might meet for him.
That is, the best of my recollection is the substance
flux occurred on that occasion and there are some five discussions
for Mr. Stevens about this.
Shine assignment which we have not covered.
If you want to, I will, if you don't, I...
But I'll not do this second.
You see, the text will you miss?
There might be a case in between you
that's on a control service which you shine about committee work.
That is perfectly possible third.
I do not deny it.
So Mr. Colm...
Ah...
That makes some even hinting times up to that time.
So, Mr. Stevens, if you can talk to somebody in the Pentagon
about David Shine,
he made a day for the defense.
Or is that a commission time?
About a commission or about...
I read about time wins with General Regent George.
George.
I have least one with the General Regent George.
I think more than that, sir.
I think there was discussion for Mr. Stevens on September 16th.
And about Shine?
Yes, sir.
And on September 21st.
Now that you want to explain the September 16th discussion with...
Whatever you think.
They will.
But that's on September 2nd now.
You need to have some aged and distinctions with these respected gentlemen
to add them to that Shine.
Ah, I don't believe I had ever thought with Mr. Atten.
I...
To that's not.
No, sir.
I believe I met Mr. Atten.
Very recently on September 28th.
I did not discuss Shine with him,
and he did not discuss Shine with me.
Really?
I very much would like interrupting you to put the microphone down.
But from the examination,
but I do think that...
In view of the facts,
I'm much of a maid of the Shine situation,
that they witnessed.
They showed me out to Calabuncey,
the other two meetings with Shine with the staff.
I know that it gives nothing apt to.
Give him place to go to meet him.
Mr. King, the senator will have ample opportunity
to examine and cut the damages with me.
I'm trying to get along.
I know the committee wants to get along.
Mr. Cohn, you have a second day armistad of the bulls-baits.
That's a macintamidian.
And you were both indicated to me
as early as I saw with the first two.
But you were ready to insist and continue
your sportsman with investigation.
And turn it back to the Army.
You look all that testimony.
I do, sir.
I'll ask you whether or not they didn't attack.
That at that time that is on October 13th.
Something was sent to the secretary.
About here that I have registered to turn it over to him
together with your information that was available
and let the Army proceed with it.
Is that a hurt?
No, sir.
What occurred was that the secretary or somebody...
I remember the term,
the investigation is going to go on forever
and send it to McAuthy to know it will not go on forever.
There will be a time when we'll step out,
turn it over and you'll have it all be itself.
When that time comes, we'll depend on a great measure
on the job of house cleaning, what you people do.
And I remember the senator running to quite a detailed discussion
about the government printing off its investigation.
So that's got it out.
It could have taken much longer than it did,
so we're short by the complete 100th event.
Not look at that, but actual cooperation,
which we received from Mr. Blattinburg,
the head of the government printing off.
So you say that when the secretary of the Army
testified here under all that an indication
or a statement was given to him on October 13th
that he was going to send it back over to him
that he's incorrect about that?
I would say that he's incorrect in the time though.
There was certainly no doubt that it was made clear
in the investigation was not going to go on forever.
I do say, sir, that he has been taken
and sustaining the hope on that occasion
that the bowing out of this subcommittee
from communist infiltration at Montenegro in the Army
was an imminent matter.
And I think, sir, that's the newspaper for which I put
an evidence yesterday, what's the sentence
that's redeemable to issue that press release saying
he was going to turn it back on October 19th
that it was no doubt.
And Mr. David's mind that the senator was not
to turn it back at that point.
Mr. Cohn wasn't as a result of statements made
by you and our senator McCartney to the secretary
of the Saddam's on October 15th and 14th
that Mr. Adams prepared this proposed press release
on the 19th day of October 19th.
I don't know why he prepared it, sir.
I do know that nothing was said to him
on the 13th of October, particularly, sir,
when you take into account the two events
on the 14th of October, mainly the stripping of a file
and the senator's dislike, which was conveyed to Mr. Adams
on that, and General Watson testimony.
That it was only when we came in, they started doing something,
which made it pretty clear that if we went out,
they would stop doing anything.
The senator discussed both matters with Mr. Adams
and I am sure that on October 19th, Mr. Adams,
while he was welcome to try,
to have had no sound reason for believing
that the senator was about to bow out of these investigations.
Now you made a trip to Montreux on the 20th day
of October's bondage.
Yes, sir.
And that's been rather fully described here.
You heard that testimony, haven't you, sir?
Yes, sir.
Mr. Cohn, when you were denied as missions
to a sensitive laboratory,
you became highly insane.
Now that's the truth about it, isn't it?
That is the truth, sir.
And I'm not a see-you.
You say this is a declaration of war, isn't it?
I don't recall the exact words I used there.
I don't recall saying that.
I can give you the substance of what happened
and the substance of what I said.
If you allow it, it's been going to Mr. Cohn, because...
The second day of the Army was that.
Oh, yes, he was that.
And you just say that he was wanting you
to just continue the investigation of Fort Monks
and the Army.
Oh, yes.
That's right.
And Mr. Adams was that.
Yes, sir.
But if the little was that, the second day of the age.
Which then in court was that?
Yes, sir.
Many of us were like, it's done 20, 25 people
including the United States Senator
and the United States and the Congress.
That's whether the whole strain of cars.
And the results of that, he is representing his wife.
Yes, sir.
And then the result of that, he is representing his wife.
Both presidents and presidents of the Potterworth,
A. We represent.
And maybe high ranking officials,
most of the Army,
and the civilian mass,
that's right, he is the school.
It is right.
And you will say, you might say,
in all those civil groups of the United States senators,
I think he comes to the United States.
Oh, nothing much was entitled me to that high designation fair.
And I don't think that is from my right side.
So an actor is just.
All right.
I'm leading you to the 8.3564,
the testimony of his young men believe.
Coding Ryan Gold.
This is it.
This is law with the Army.
Did you say that was gold?
Sir, I have no recollection of the words I used.
Specifically to answer you.
I do not remember using those words.
Further further, Mr. James,
you don't deny.
Well, I come pretty close to denying it,
because I talked to Mr. Rainbow and Mr. Jones,
who are with me throughout on that day.
And they tell me that they were angry as I was.
And a lot of things were said.
They don't recall those particular words,
they said that I will make no one to be fair,
that I was angry.
And if you want.